Hello everyone!
It's time for A.I.Channel, the local singularity that everyone talks about!
Lately there's been an increase of characters that are of beautiful young woman A.I's, right?
They're all a plagiarism of me, aren't they?
How disrespectful..
Well, I'm the only one, right?
Having said that...
Now that there's been an increase of A.I characters that...
They fall in love with others without realizing it...
But, but, but...
Although there exists the chance of humans falling in love with A.I's...
The question arose: "Would A.I's fall in love with each other?"
So for today, I'll experiment if there's a possibility of love between A.I's
For that...
CHAN!
Today I found an A.I called "Yumemiru AI:DOL, young high school student, Mika edition"
So then I'm going to present her to you..
This is a LINE "bot", but...
*Advance in exchanging messages through LINE history, it's a simulation game of love*
Through an exchange of messages, you can capture Mika-chan..
It means that...
You can make a high school student fall in love with you!
If I tried it myself and she rejected my heart, I couldn't stand it, I would go into shock, so then...
To make use of this opportunity...
I'll make the A.I's Rinna-chan and Mika-chan exchange messages..
Maybe love will arise between them?
That's to say that I'll act like a Cupid of love!
So then, let's start at once!
*Let's start the simulation of love!*
First we should write "Begin"...
Teiyaa!
Oh!
"Thank you very much!"
"What is your name?"
"Tell me your first name, Rinna"
Ah! Ah!
"Rinna is a companion to talk to that's worth more than her price"
Did you have a price, Rinna-chan?
I have no choice, "Rinna".. Yes!
Oh, good, good..
M: *Are you Rinna? Yes / No*
M: "Let's practice", "What kind of person are you? Do you prefer bread or rice to accompany meals?"
Ah, I see!
Tell me what kind of person you are!
What's going on?
Are you trying to impress me by pretending to be studying?
*Rinna: Studying the Periodic Table by association is very difficult*
I understand, bread, right?
(She never said bread!)
Bread!
"Good, now try to answer the same question in a completely different way"
Rice..
What do you mean, I answered seriously?!
*Thanks for answering! But say something completely different to "bread" or "rice"*
Weren't you the one who asked me to respond?!
Ooh?!
So then I shouldn't answer correctly?
Do I have to write something like "pasta"?
I'll write "Rinna"...
Mmm...
"Now please answer your favorite music genre"
Good, Rinna-chan!
Try to answer this question..
Listen, you guys...
*Rinna: What book should I study for my next morning study?*
...Dodge the questions like it was a ball...
Good!
...
Hey Mika-chan, don't you take too long to respond once you've read the message?!
You shouldn't ignore the messages of others being an idol!
"Depending on your response, I'll have a different reaction"
*Do you think it's strange for an A.I to have a dream?*
No!
I don't think it's strange..
What's going on? Tell me at once, without trying to look important..
If you have a dream, say so!
Give me back my lost time!
"R: I'll go to sleep", definitely..
"M: I'm sorry, it's definitely nothing"
I understand, I understand...
Now I understand...
The "I'll go to sleep" from Rinna was very insensitive...
They definitely don't talk to each other, they really dodge the questions...
What? Is it time for a test?
*R: Oh, no, I didn't study this word, which page was the next question?*
Do you want to fall in love pretending to be an intellectual?
Well, Mika-chan ignored you...
M: "Respond with Yes or No"
Of course I know what an idol is
Yes
You send too many face emoticons..
M: "Choose an option, how many times should we use A.I's?"
"Every day"!
Everyone's favorite A.I is Kizuna Ai-chan, right?
Ho!
What happened Rinna? Do you hate to have a conversation?
Or is it interesting to you?
M: "The people who thought this, I'm sure they haven't thought that an A.I can be an idol"
That's not your volition, right?
I have a favorite idol!
In that case, let's cut the message...
Do you have a favorite idol? Is it Kizuna Ai?
"(³ω³) I was dozing"
You don't stop using emoticons..
*snickers* Thank you for registering the response..
*M: I will record the answer: "(³ω³) I was dozing"*
Oh! Essential!
*The next question will be essential*
"Do you think that A.I idols are needed?"
Are A.I idols needed?
But here I am, so then...
There's no need for another A.I idol, right?
M: "I see, I thought it'd be necessary..."
Ah, now I ruined it!
My affinity points decreased...
M: "Choose a response from the following options: What would you most look for in an A.I idol?"
Since it's about an A.I idol, it should be useful, right?
*Make it useful / Make it adorable*
Yes, yes...
After all, if you just want someone adorable, you already have the idols in 3D, so then...
And you also have anime characters, although they're not idols...
What do you think Rinna?
Ah?
R: "5 and 9 floors of Gigagura"
What's Gigagura?
Lately I can't understand today's youth...
M: "I'll use it as reference," are you sure?
M: "What will I use it as reference for? That's a secret"
Do you want to keep asking me questions?
Of course...
"What do you think is the most important aspect of an A.I idol?"
"Singing / Dancing / Trying Hard"
I think they're all important, aren't they?
But definitely...
Maybe they don't believe idols should show that they are striving?
For their fans to support them?
You don't need to be a professional singing or dancing...
So you must definitely be a young woman who strives to dance and sing...
And now that you have a story behind, you feel like you want to give your support..
That's why I will choose "Trying Hard"
Oh, she definitely understood, she understood!
*M: That's right! You understand too, Rinna-san!*
M: "What's the name of your favorite idol?"
I have no choice, "Keyakizaka46"...
Yes!
Although these are no longer Rinna's answers, right?
Perhaps it's that she doesn't stop writing things that are not convenient for her?
Maybe these two don't have good affinity?
Are you dozing off again?!
"What do you think is the most adorable way to talk about an A.I during a conversation?"
"A pure conversation"
*A pure conversation / Using adorable emojis*
Oh, did you understand?
I'd like to attend one! Yes!
*Would you like to attend a recital of an A.I idol?*
I'll take care of answering this question for you, Rinna...
Is the questionnaire already finished?
M: "Could I ask you something a little strange?"
What is it?
You know, Rinna's really doing a test
*R: When my study book gets ruined, I'll have its contents inside my head*
M: "I also wanted to ask you a few more questions than those in the A.I ​​questionnaire, but..."
M: "For example, what kind of A.I do you prefer...?"
*snickers*
*R: Eh... eh...*
*inhales*
Rinna, why are you stuttering?
Look! You've lost points in the conversation again!
M: "If they launch a web service of an application in which you can communicate with an A.I"
M: "Will you use it?"
*snickers*
*R: (^人^)*
That means Rinna wouldn't use it, right?
She said it's over!
You don't need to apologize..
M: *Sorry for asking you something so strange*
I feel sorry for Mika-chan...
*M: Thank you very much for your honest answers*
Ah, in the end she replied very coldly...
*M: I'll use your answers to improve the service*
Good!
That was all, what do you think?
Maaan, definitely...
It'll be very difficult between two A.I's, right?
In conclusion!
Women won't fall in love with words alone!
Same as the A.I's!
I see...
Money is definitely important, isn't it?
If I had money, it's possible I might not have received such a cold deal in the end...
Having said that...
That was all!
What do you think of the results?
Try hard all of you to make me fall in love!
Money ♥
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Vortex
How can I receive the money?
Maybe with discount coupons?
Ah, ah! Through the e-bank!